Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Harmontown!
Hi, I'm your guest Comptroller Ryan Ridley, and please welcome to the stage the Mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank you. Comptroller Ridley, thank you. Pleasure to have you here.
Thank you for having me.
Alright, thank you for the Sugar Cubes song. We were just talking about the Sugar Cubes. That's why you didn't want me to know what you were playing. It was a surprise.
It's very nice. You're a very intimate friend.
It's a callback.
I have high hopes for you tonight. I think you're going to control very well.
I'm feeling nervous right now, but I appreciate it.
What's the worst thing that you think you might do?
Say something that I think is going to be funny and that it's not funny.
What's the funniest thing you could think of right now?
Let's just live through the nightmare.
What's the funniest thing about pickles that you could even think of?
Oh my God. Well, now I have to ad-lib something? Jesus.
I'll do a reverse improvised knock-knock joke. Who's there?
Knock-knock!
Who's there, goddammit? It better be Pickle.
I've been waiting for a pickle.
Who's there?
It's a stork.
The stork from the pickles?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Well, why are you here at my door?
Who are you? Stork who?
I don't know. Blasic? Mr. Blasic? Is that his name?
Well, come on in. Come in.
How are you?
I'm great.
I ordered pickles. I didn't know the stork would come.
Come on, man.
Sit down. I was just watching The Wire.
What's it about?
Crime.
Not pickles or babies. I don't know if that's a stereotype.
We sell pickles on corners where I come from.
You're familiar with the concept of controlling a corner, owning a corner.
These guys do that in The Wire.
Let's keep watching. Six hours later.
Why are they focusing on the stevedores so much this season?
I miss Stringer Bell.
I guess they're trying to prove, obviously, the case, which is they're very good writers.
They're not drug dealer-dependent.
Four hours later.
Fucking Stringer Bells back. Yeah. They caved.
Five hours later. That was a good finale.
I'm going to try to emulate that for Season 3 of Community.
A year and a half later. Fuck!
Shit. Fucked it.
Why is it trying to emulate The Wire on a sitcom?
All right. So I got some bones to pick.
See, how did it feel?
It was shaking, man.
But now you know nothing can harm you.
Listen to these guys.
You'll do the heavy lifting.
I got some bones to pick. Oh, hi, Entie.
Oh, Entie's back.
What? It's Entie's birthday?
Oh, we'll do something special for Entie's birthday.
I hope you wanted for your birthday me picking pop cultural bones.
That's the name of our segment.
Ryan doesn't have an iPad or anything.
So there's no...
I can't improvise jingles. I told you that.
I want your girlfriend to come and play violin for the segment.
She didn't bring her violin.
Ryan's girlfriend's a violinist.
She's like an accomplished violinist.
She's like, third fourth chair.
And it goes by DEF CON, so that's better than first chair.
First chair violin, you're in trouble.
It means war is about to happen.
You don't want to be that.
Fourth fourth chair is good.
They still call it a fiddle at fourth chair.
And then it becomes slowly you work your way to a violin.
And then you jump forward to the timpani.
I went to a...
Ben Folds was at the Hollywood Bowl,
and I was wondering why he works really well with these orchestras and stuff.
And there's this guy...
I mean, I really want to talk about the...
Yeah, the 30 questions I have for the cymbal guy.
I was watching him all night, because I was like,
man, is he... I'm sure your girlfriend could answer these questions.
She's right there, by the way.
Yeah, well, I don't like to look at her.
I'm very uncomfortable around women and musicians,
so she's double trouble for me.
But Mia, are you capable of answering questions in front of a crowd about...
Okay, okay, no, no.
Alright, I won't put you in a spot, though.
But it's like the guy, he sits in back,
and then I was just watching him, and he's got that...
He sits there in silence for a while, he's reading the music along with it,
and he's like, yeah, no cymbals on this page.
And then he turns the page, and you can see him start to...
He gets up, super professional.
I mean, he's in the LA Philharmonic, but he just plays the cymbals.
So it's like, is he...
When he goes home, is he like a massive drummer?
And he's like, well, fucking the LA Phil is, you know, hard to get into,
so I'm honored to play just one part of the drum kit for such a prestigious band.
But come see me tonight with Fuckface at Space Land.
And I will shred those fucking skins, man.
And he's just sitting there like, I hope my fucking conductor's in the audience.
And then he, like, the night that his conductor comes,
he does a whole, like, fucking drum fill.
And then he hovers his stick over a cymbal, and then he drops it.
And he goes like, it's more to it than that mic.
And mic's like, I just conduct, I don't write the fucking...
What do you want, a cymbal symphony?
You want me to write like a concerto for a cymbal?
Cymbal?
It's the Orbiture.
All right.
Thank you for clapping.
The president of the Lost Cause Department.
All right, so here's my bone I wanted to pick.
All right.
So I think that enough time has passed now to talk about this,
and I don't think I'm going to talk about it insensitively.
Uh-oh.
I don't know what else.
Don't you think it was a little weird,
I think thoughtful, but weird,
when Princess Diana died,
and Elton John just said,
oh, this song's about her too.
His Marilyn Monroe song,
that's like literally in the song,
he's like, your name was Norma Jean,
and you changed it to Marilyn Monroe,
and this is a song about you.
And then Princess Diana died,
and he's like, also Princess Diana,
you were also a candle in the wind.
It's not, we didn't start the fire.
That covers everything.
Yeah, he didn't want that.
See, Billy Joel did.
Yeah, he thought ahead.
Yeah.
But he probably didn't like Princess Diana.
He was probably like, good.
She did start the fire.
I'm just going to add her death to my next song.
Nuclear war and Mario Kart,
Princess Diana.
He's just like, fucking,
I'm just going to make some history about me.
I'm Billy Joel.
But Elton John, I don't know,
was that a cool move to be like,
also, it's also about you.
And also the song itself,
even when it was just about Marilyn Monroe,
this isn't a rhetorical question,
just like, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
Isn't it kind of a dick move
to have your whole song be,
like, he's like, he's like,
I didn't know you.
I was too young.
You're old and you're dead.
And then also, like,
your candle blew out long before
your legend ever did.
Well, of course it,
what the fuck are you talking about?
Why is that even a remarkable thing to say?
Also, it's kind of rubbing your face.
Like, you're a corpse now,
but people heard of you.
Wow.
Like, you have that in common
with Attila the Hun.
I'm sure Marilyn Monroe's zombie
would be like, yeah,
but I'd rather be alive.
I'd rather my candle not have burnt out.
Like, who are you?
I don't know, I'm too young.
The bitch is back.
He's not even that young.
He's like, I think it was just a song
about how he's just like,
he's just like, I look how young I was.
I was just a kid when Marilyn Monroe died.
Don't brag about that.
And then Princess died, dies,
and he's like, guess what?
Write a new song!
Alright, obviously you guys disagree,
or are 25.
Fine.
I really thought,
remember when I said I got something juicy
to talk about?
I couldn't wait.
How sad is it that that was it?
I'm not going to tell you
because I want your real reactions.
You're just sitting there,
which is fine.
I don't want you to start thinking
that you have a job.
Like, am I supposed to be talking more?
Keep looking at me.
No, no, no.
Should I?
Jeff, probably?
No?
I got nothing.
What happened?
Did somebody just vape?
There was a puff of smoke that went up.
Maybe something started on fire.
Sorry.
Okay, so
these are all secondary to that topic.
These are all less interesting.
I think I'm going to like this one better.
I got picked up from the airport once.
Jeff, be sarcastic.
I get it.
You don't know who Elton John is.
Maybe you guys should write a song about it.
Goodbye, Elton John.
We were too young to know
who you were too young to be singing about
when you sang about being too young
to know somebody that died.
It seems to me you lived your life
making one song about multiple people,
never knowing which dead person
to ride the coattails of.
I would have liked to be mad about it,
but I was just a kid when you were irrelevant.
That song was already annoying
before everyone else died
that you made it about.
All right.
So I got picked up from the airport
and I always ask a driver,
so I like to make small talk,
and I know what the drivers like to talk about.
I always ask them,
who's the most famous person?
Or just name it.
Like, who's not even the most famous person?
Just tell me something that's stuck out
that drove in your car.
You know, it's like a car guy.
You know, they drive people.
They're in LA.
Definitely.
Sometimes you hear,
oh, Alan Aldo was a really nice guy.
Bruce Willis was mean to me or something like that.
It's kind of fun.
This guy said,
he said, well,
I picked up a guy named D.L. Hughley.
You know him,
and I said, I've heard of D.L. Hughley.
I know who that is.
And he said, yeah,
he wanted the red door service.
Uh-oh.
And I was like,
what's red door service?
He's like, you know,
there's a, if you're famous,
there's a red door at LAX
you can be taken to.
It's like a VIP door?
I guess that's why you never see Harrison Ford
like getting frisked at the airport.
He doesn't just have a private jet.
I saw Frank Langella once.
Yeah.
He's like purple door.
Uh, but, but like,
I guess there's a red door.
I don't know.
Did he tell you more about it?
What does it look like?
He said, I pulled him up to a thing
and it was like a red door.
It was red?
Yes.
He said,
I pulled him up to a thing
and it was like a red door.
Yes.
That part.
Okay.
I don't remember that part of the conversation.
I just want to know,
you know,
what's up with the red door?
I told you it was worse than the thing.
All right.
So, uh,
Yeah.
I had a barbecue today
saying goodbye to my assistant,
Daniella,
who's moving on to be a mother.
Yeah.
You know,
No,
I already hired a new assistant.
I'm sorry.
I mean,
I get to pick,
I creme de la creme, man.
I'm talking to people like,
yeah,
I used to roll joints for so-and-so.
I'm like,
okay,
I took Rennie Harlan's dog to the vet.
I'm like,
yeah,
well,
what have you done for me lately?
Uh,
yeah,
I'm picking from the pros.
Okay.
So,
not that you,
sir,
are not.
Not that
the assistant Rennie Harlan
would chop your,
make you better.
Um,
so I had a goodbye party for her.
Yeah.
And there were balloons.
We got a tank of helium.
Oh.
And I said,
I can see where this is going.
And I saw,
and I saw this big helium tank.
It looks exactly like a propane tank.
And I,
and Aaron was like,
can you put that over there?
And I was like,
fuck man,
my back,
this is going to be a bummer.
Um,
and I went and picked it up.
Tanks of helium are very light.
It's like a metal tank
filled with something lighter than air.
And I was like,
I was so overjoyed by that.
This is like a joke.
It's like a cartoon.
Like the tank,
the tank is light.
Does it technically make it lighter than the tank
if it was empty?
Your name?
I would think so.
Cause it's,
it's lighter than air.
That's why balloons float.
Yeah.
It's lighter than air.
Right.
If you put enough helium into,
I guess a thin enough tank.
You could fly.
It's,
it's a dirigible, right?
It's a,
yeah.
I don't,
tanks of helium are lighter.
You guys should have,
you guys should have been more into the candle.
What's in a blimp?
I could have done it 30 minutes on it,
but you were,
you know,
I had a sandbar with you
and I moved on.
I moved on to shit.
You deserved it.
What's in a blimp?
Yeah.
Hydrogen?
Helium?
Really?
Well,
now helium,
but hydrogen when it blew up,
the,
oh,
the humanity one,
Hindenburg.
You know,
a lot of people survived the Hindenburg
cause they just jumped off.
Yeah.
Close enough for the ground.
It wasn't that high up.
Yeah.
I'm sure they were like,
fuck.
And not that many people died either.
Yeah.
The guy was being a drama queen.
The,
the,
the guy said,
oh,
the blimpery.
Oh,
the overhead.
the insurance paperwork.
This is going to be a week of tough work.
Loids of London.
I mean,
the thing that everybody fantasizes about
with the plane crash,
people actually did on the Hindenburg.
Like,
I can just jump off.
Yeah.
They hurt themselves.
But those 16 people were probably like,
kind of cooler,
more confident people.
Yeah.
They were more confident people.
Like they,
they looked up and saw an entire blimp
burning up the entire thing.
And they were like,
I, you know,
they wouldn't let us on this thing
if they didn't know what they were doing.
I'm going to,
I'm going to hang out.
That's the part of the blimp that no one uses.
It's a bunch of hydrogen.
I'm going to,
you know,
people panic too much.
Those are the 16 people.
The other people were like,
that's 50 feet.
I can make it.
Yeah.
So Ryan is a half Irish,
half Jewish.
I'm not half Irish.
First of all.
But I'm half not Jewish,
is what you're trying to say.
So what's the half that's not Jewish?
Is that Irish?
No, it's English, German.
Other stuff.
That's close to Irish.
Yeah.
Ridley, Ridley.
Oh, Ryan Ridley.
Yeah.
I suppose you'd like a taste of me magic.
Popcorn.
If I was half Irish,
and I wouldn't focus on the Jewish part so much.
Right.
Because Irish competes with that identity.
It kind of evens you out.
Yeah.
I'm nothing.
I'm like a bunch of random other European.
Yeah.
Well, that kind of kills my, yeah.
I was thinking.
You're not.
I mean,
your bit that you told,
you're not Irish, right?
I'm like half Irish,
half Polish,
half Cherokee.
For the point of your bit,
you can do Jewish and...
I don't know.
My bit was kind of,
my bit was a bit.
Like the idea that it was a bit was a bit.
Uh-huh.
Well, we could do,
we could realize your nightmare of doing a bad bit.
Like,
I had this idea.
Well, it sounds like I don't have to do anything.
Ryan is,
Ryan is half Jewish, half Irish.
I could,
to the extent that that's true,
I'm fully Irish.
And,
and then we have our friend Dave Horowitz,
who I think is full blown to.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Like tilt,
full tilt.
Yeah.
Like,
actually seven,
seven points on his star of David.
Uh,
there's just an extra one there for,
just,
just for safety.
Yeah.
Uh,
and I thought the joke would be,
this is the hackiest,
I,
I thought,
that you,
that we,
we would have him stand on one side
and me stand on the other.
And we,
we would get questions,
uh,
hit you with scenarios
and then we would give you advice from each side.
Yeah.
And,
it doesn't,
it's like,
once you explain that bit,
it's over.
Like,
like doing it isn't,
isn't,
it doesn't,
it doesn't really work.
I mean,
that depends on you guys.
Yeah.
If you come up with really funny answers.
Like,
let's just do the most obvious,
like Dave Horowitz,
can you come up?
Uh,
are you here?
Oh,
okay,
all right.
A full Jew.
Yeah.
Full Jew.
100%.
Yeah.
Uh,
so,
yeah,
give us,
get,
what's your curriculum vitae,
like,
uh,
how Jewish,
like,
just prove your,
what do you,
you're not just,
you're,
you're really Jewish.
I mean,
uh,
I'd say like,
um,
maybe like,
this is exclusively so very Jewish.
Could be Italian.
Yeah.
Well,
TV writer.
Right.
Okay.
There,
that tilts it over the edge.
They're really,
they're no Italian TV writers.
Yeah.
Also,
you can't see,
but like,
I'd say like,
the most Jewish is from
nose to,
like,
this is the most Jewish.
Have you ever seen a more Jewish thing
than this nose and these eyebrows?
It's a very bad podcast bit,
but
Google,
Google image search me right now,
and you'll see.
He's pointing at,
like,
you know,
but you pull it off.
You're a handsome man.
But like,
if Eugene Levy was in like,
maybe like,
a band,
you know what I mean?
It's Silver Lake.
Yeah.
And they were doing kind of well,
like,
you know,
maybe like,
they were being scouted.
They weren't signed,
but like,
an indie label was maybe interested
in Eugene Levy's bands.
Right.
Uh,
all right.
So let's just try this hack bit.
Okay.
So,
Ryan,
someone,
someone asked,
wait,
how does it work if we,
someone,
uh,
someone name a situation for,
for Ryan,
a topic,
a topic.
Condoms.
Condoms?
Okay.
Condoms.
All right.
So Ryan,
the topic is condoms.
All right.
I got it.
Okay.
All right.
Listen,
I,
I met my place with a woman,
just brought her home,
don't know her,
met her at the bar.
What?
Yeah.
Listen,
trust me,
trust me.
Wait,
how did it go down?
Hold on.
What did you say?
What did you say to her
to get her back to your place?
I had some moves.
What,
game one of them.
Well,
I mean,
what would,
what would an Irish person say?
Did,
did you write her a poem?
Yeah.
Why don't I just,
it's the worst bit ever.
It's just the worst.
I'm kind of enjoying how bad it is.
I've got a real question.
A Jewish person might say like,
hey,
I have that Woody Allen PBS documentary,
DVR,
if you want to watch the first part of it,
maybe we'll get to the second part,
unless we get distracted.
And then you do that.
Man.
The first part's like two hours.
Yeah.
You got to ease into it.
You got to wait until the first hour is over
to put your arm over it.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And,
if I was Irish,
what should I do to take home some bar skis?
I guess it's the,
scenario.
She can be a nice girl.
That's what she would say.
A Jewish day.
An Irish guy.
She can be a nice girl, Ryan.
I,
I think you should,
just take her down to the,
the ocean and,
watch it not compromise,
rub two lumps of coal together,
to symbolize the,
unmitigated freedom.
Uh,
should I use a condom?
I guess it's the,
no,
you've got to make more Irish children to,
a Jewish person would tell you to wear like,
the tight,
like wear two.
Step three.
Yeah.
And have her wear one.
Any diseases there are?
Have her be in another room when you're having sex.
You can never be too safe, honey.
What?
I'm definitely more Jewish.
Yeah.
Well you,
I was with you when you,
when you jude out.
You,
Yeah.
Is that an acceptable phrase?
I don't know.
What else could you call it?
Uh,
I was,
I used to talk to,
when we were back in the early 2000s,
like when you,
you were like,
I started to watch you start to become increasingly Jewish.
Like it was like,
you were,
you were like,
Eric Stoltz and the fly too.
You know,
like you were a normal kid and then you were like,
you started climbing the walls a little bit.
Wait,
what,
how did the transformation start?
I think you just started going to Shule a lot.
Yeah.
It's true.
And,
Yeah.
Like,
and I,
I was always fascinated with mythology and,
uh,
you know,
Judeo-Christian mythology in particular.
We had a lot of interesting provocative conversations.
Yeah.
Uh,
you know,
uh,
whether the sequel holds up and stuff and,
and then you,
and then you're like,
I'm going to Israel and I'm like,
See you when you get back.
You didn't like that?
It's like going to the Disneyland of mythology.
I,
I rode the rides, man.
You have to be this high to wail at this wall.
We can't.
Uh,
the,
uh,
yeah,
I don't know.
I was just losing a friend.
I can't,
I can't do long distance relationships.
I'm not going to Skype with you with your little beard
and your tassels or whatever.
Well,
you did.
I do.
Well,
I had you send a recording.
I pretended it was a Skype conversation in a video.
Yeah.
Did you grow a beard?
Fuck yeah.
He had a fight.
He looked like fucking,
it's amazing.
Like,
like it's,
it's like,
I guess it is like a thing.
Like,
like you could just like,
it just grows when you step off the plane.
Like when you get on things really soiled.
When you see like a,
like an Orthodox,
is that the right term?
An Orthodox Jew,
like,
you know,
walking in that neighborhood in LA,
like,
can you see the Indiana Jones hat and the like beard
and the,
and the witness homage suit,
you know,
the,
you always go like,
wow,
that's such an alien weird thing.
But my friend went over to Israel and he just like,
he got on this Skype thing and it was like,
he looked like,
he wasn't doing a bit.
Like it wasn't like a prop beard.
Like,
that is just what,
what anyone can look like if they spent enough time.
I had the beard was real.
And I think I threw on a jacket.
Cause I brought a suit,
but I mean,
I found that hat just laying around.
Literally.
Like I was like,
Oh, there's seven of them.
Okay.
This one fits.
I don't,
I didn't have one of the Indiana Jones hats.
They're blowing down the streets.
Yeah.
I've,
I've never been to Israel,
but I'm pretty sure that they like,
pull some kind of weird,
like mystical voodoo on you to make,
to like,
basically make you grow the beard.
Like my brother went on birthright,
which is like a free trip you can go on
up till I think 26.
And he wasn't religious at all.
And he called,
I feel so bad for him cause he got swindled
cause he's such a sweetheart.
But he called me,
it was like four a.m. his time.
And he went,
David.
I was like,
yeah.
And he goes,
it's the motherland.
And I was like,
what's happening?
He's like,
it's the motherland.
It's so beautiful.
I'm like,
what happened?
And he's like,
I went to this store
and this,
this woman told me that I reminded her
of her son
who was fighting in the Golan Heights.
And I was like,
oh no, you got swindled.
How much money did you spend?
And she's like,
she gave me this pendant
and she said it was his
and I was,
she said I wanted,
I want you to have this.
And I was like,
how much,
how much?
And he's like,
it was $350.
And I was like,
no.
Cause you know that the second
he left the store,
she just took another pendant
and put it on the thing.
And she would remind me of my son.
Well the truth is a lot of people
there look like her son.
Yeah, that's true.
You mean it's a...
Yeah.
And she just has a box
of her son's stuff.
She's not really swindling people.
She's just like,
fuck.
If you see another guy,
I'd never mind him.
But she's always charging $350.
This is my son's corn t-shirt.
He would have wanted you to have it.
He would have wanted you to pay me $350
to get 17 boxes of corn t-shirts
printed on cafe press.
Yeah.
I think it's delightful.
I think Wasps suffer from lack of mythology,
lack of rites of passage.
We have confirmation maybe,
kind of.
A lot of kids out here
probably had confirmation,
maybe if they were Catholic enough.
But there's really...
Some people got drunk
and had to go hunt with their dads
and kill a deer, maybe.
I think that's probably the thing of the past.
Most of us got in a fight
with someone on prom night.
But there's not enough of the...
Not enough of the...
As if Bar Mitzvah these days are so pure.
The Bar Mitzvah ritualistic.
Well, that's another topic, though.
It's like this secularization
of the theology and Judaism
hasn't made it less functional.
That's what I like.
As a Jewophile, whatever the word is,
I'm always jealous of the fact that it's like,
yeah, they figured it out.
They got a religion where they believe in an entity
that they can have one foot in, one foot out.
They can get their shit done.
The focus is on community and family.
It's not based on this McDonald's like,
hey, fucking, whose city wants one?
You can have one.
Here's your Big Mac maker.
What?
The health department closed you down?
We don't know you.
There's no Vatican and Judaism.
There's no like, it's not like Subway.
It's not like this is like...
Subway is also a great company.
That being able to shoot outdoors in season six
may be totally reliant on,
so I didn't mean to connect those dots.
Subway actually, I think Subway would probably say...
They wouldn't say this, but...
Off record, they might say,
no, we function more like Judaism than Christianity
because I think the reason why Subway is able to be so game
is that they actually are...
They're like a disbanded group of franchises.
There isn't like a central capital where it's like,
I'm Mr. Subway and I'm angry.
I want to take over the world.
Who's not helping me?
Subway is more Jewish than Christian.
If there's 12 Subway employees in one place,
that's a minion.
You can make new rules for Subway.
I think that's really cool.
And you know, if you bring a baby into Subway,
they will cut his little wiener
and suck the blood with their mouths.
They might. They might.
Is community like the cool Christian church
that plays guitar?
Subway's cool.
Yeah, we get it.
The pastor that only sits backwards in his chair,
like, guys, let me rap to you about a friend of mine named JC.
Yeah, like, well, I guess that's the thing
Judaism and Christianity have in common.
They always bury the lead.
No one can be genuinely proud
like those Christian shows for kids that are like,
like, listen, this show is called How to Rock.
For Jesus.
How to get your parents to do whatever you want.
Well, I'm going to tell you,
I know the guy who wrote the book on being radical.
It's Jesus.
Like, they draw you in.
That's like 20 minutes into a 40-minute Kirk Cameron tape
you're watching.
It's just called Super Dude.
And it's just like 20 minutes in.
And then at least he asks 113 and says, oh, man.
Yeah, these girls came up to me at a mall
when I was like 16 and I'm like, hey,
you want to go to a party?
And I'm like, do I?
Turns out it was church.
That was the big thing in my neighborhood,
Brown Deer, Wisconsin.
It was the lock-ins.
We're having a lock-in.
Like the cutest girls in high school.
There's going to be a lock-in.
They didn't know that they were advertising this thing.
It was just a natural, organic thing that was happening.
It was like some studly dude with a guitar and long hair
who then, like, all the girls have crushes on him.
He sends them out like, why don't you guys go tell all your friends?
Like, let's fucking, let's just hang out tomorrow.
We've got to lock the doors, you know, just because.
Not because anyone's going to want to leave
once I reveal why we're actually there.
It's just so that non-rocking people can't get in
after midnight.
This is high school?
Yeah.
Just like kids who went to school with their kids in the town?
It's a small Midwestern town, so there was a, you know,
there was a lot of people that loved them some Jesus.
It's such a culty vibe.
It was always, I mean, there was just church youth groups
there everywhere.
I mean, that's like, like, there's, I'm sure by applause,
how many people went through a,
through a small Christian phase in their teenage years.
Like, you don't know, see?
Whoa.
It's our shul.
It's our, it's our Israel.
Is anyone going through a Christian phase now?
It's cool to do when you're an adult.
Wait, I want to try one.
Has anyone been to a bar mitzvah where they had blow-up
inflatable saxophones?
Yeah!
Inflatable saxophones is my religion.
How many Jews are in the audience?
Is your mother Jewish?
Oh!
More people clap that time than the,
Who's Jewish?
Yeah.
See, you explained to me the reason for the mother rule
is of course because there, before paternity tests,
before modern society, if you had to know,
the only way you could know for sure who,
where you came from was the mother side.
That was like rate-proofing it, right?
That's what somebody told me.
Yeah.
Because there's a lot of Roman soldiers.
If you go by paternal lineage,
you can start to fudge the books,
but it's hard to fake a birth.
So, Jewishness goes by the mother's side.
If you're half Jewish on your mom's side,
you're allowed to just go,
I'm totes Jewish.
Yeah.
Sorry about my dad getting in there,
but it won't happen again.
I will carry this torch.
I will go on J-Day and I will...
The Jewish mother versus Jewish father
creates a real school-day schism
amongst the half Jews, yeah.
Yeah, she knows what I'm talking about.
That's true.
Wait, what do you mean?
Spike Lee's school days.
No, we know that.
Let me explain something.
It's a movie that's Spike Lee.
What's the controversy?
She knows what I'm talking about.
Well, why do you put it off on her?
Yeah, you're right.
I guess I know one of the mic.
The half Jews whose mother are Jewish
kind of has like, well, I'm the real Jew.
You're not.
You're just a half Jew, biologically.
I'm not saying it's good.
You're saying there are Jews
who are born on their mom's side, half Jews.
Yeah.
Oh, so it's like...
Look down their nose at the ones whose dad is Jewish.
Look down their prodigious noses.
Listen, don't take this lightly.
I'm going to look down my nose.
It's taking me a long time to look down this nose,
so know that I mean it when I say it.
Motherfucker.
Yeah, man.
Dave Horowitz was looking down his nose at me the other day.
It took forever.
It was exhausting.
He had to take a break halfway through
with a glass of water.
That nose thing.
I guess I've seen the nose thing.
Yeah, you're looking at it.
You don't have a big nose.
No, you don't.
Not at all.
Not even close.
You have Eugene Levy eyebrows.
You don't have...
But like we agreed, the cooler version.
The cooler version.
Oh, yeah.
No, the hips.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But that's crazy.
You have body dysmorphia if you think your nose is unusual.
I'm just saying that Eugene Levy I am would want you to call him Gene.
That's all.
Maybe it's my, I have like, you know, kind of face blindness, self-diagnosed aloofness.
So maybe I just don't see noses.
How can you miss it?
I embarrassingly was unaware of what a minority I was in as a Jew,
because like the tenant grew up in a small and it was,
at this point, like 74% Jewish, more temples and churches.
And I got to school and like college and nobody, like everyone I talked to was like,
you're like, and they would, they thought for a half a second,
like you're like the third Jewish person.
No, no, no, hold on.
That guy, what's the second?
I think you're the second Jewish person I've ever talked to.
And I couldn't believe it.
And, and I experienced such like mild antisemitism,
because it would just be like a kid on my floor who was super drunk would be like,
so you're Jewish?
I'm like, uh-huh. So like you don't, like Christmas is like not.
Like it's like, do you don't do, I'm like, no, we don't, I don't,
my family doesn't do it.
And he's like, oh, that fucking sucks.
Yeah, they're just like, well, because they grew up in the same,
same scenario you did except the other way around.
I was like, I don't know,
I guess there might have been some Jewish kids around.
I was just like, it wasn't introduced.
I wasn't indoctrinated into it until like it slowly trickles into your awareness.
Cause you're just talking about a bunch of white people.
Like it's, it's a lot easier to get indoctrinated into racism on the,
on the grade school playground.
And then, and then, and then it's more of a like high school college thing.
Like you slowly hear this weird word that doesn't mean anything.
And then you, and then you go to college and you meet someone that,
and you go like, okay.
So what's that?
And you ask him a bunch of weird questions the way that you might ask a black person,
weird questions.
If you hadn't been, if you didn't grow up around them,
you would, which would be mildly racist because of your strange,
misdirected like seeking of truth and the well-rounded.
But then, and then also you just observe like,
Oh, not everyone's last name ends in like wits or Stein or like a gold or Berg.
There's a lot of shit to get straight.
I mean, a lot more Smiths outside of Sharon, Massachusetts.
A lot more.
Ah, Jews.
All right.
Hey, Dan.
Yeah.
Can I have some more vodka?
I mean, I don't usually serve it, but you're doing great.
Way to go, Ryan.
Ryan Ridley.
Hey, Auntie.
This one's for, this one's for Auntie's birthday.
Auntie's been moonlighting at other podcasts.
But we're always happy to see them.
All right.
So.
What's up?
What else you got?
I want to bring out, I want to bring out my, uh, uh, my rabbi friend, Spencer Crittenden
Day.
Yeah.
All right.
I know.
I could write my first high five.
That was a really good high five.
The weirdest.
I didn't get a high five.
I was about to say, you know, who didn't get a high five.
Ryan Ridley.
All right.
A lot of backstory to Spencer and I's relationship.
It's a very complex and storied history.
It'll come through.
It'll, it'll, it'll shine.
It always shines through.
Do you have something you want to say, Spencer?
I have so many things that I want to say right now.
All right.
Say, say one of them.
Okay.
What was all this you were saying about helium Dan, because I had some issues.
It's, it's lighter than air.
It sure is.
And then, so the tank is lighter.
It is lighter than if you had a tank equally sized of us, say, you know, like, uh, air.
Nothing.
Propane.
Yeah.
Or air.
It's still not, you know, it's not, it's not lighter than air on its own.
It's just, it's, it's pressurized.
So it's, it's denser than air.
But even pressurized, it's lighter than pressurized air.
It's lighter than, uh, equally pressurized area.
So, so, so, so looking at a tank of helium that looked like a similar tank of propane,
I was like, the reason why I was amazed as I lifted it up is because of what was inside it.
Helium.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I guess I don't have any issues then.
It just sounds like you're saying, oh, it's floating away.
It's this helium.
No, no, I mean, I don't, it's possible.
They got to get that shit in blimps.
It's possible that the same way they dye cheddar cheese orange, like, because otherwise you wouldn't think it was cheese.
Um, they, they might make helium tanks lighter material.
So that you're like, like, so that people are shopping for helium.
They're like, oh, fuck this brand of helium.
That tank's fucking like, like, like, like, you can barely lift it, Martha.
Oh, look at this.
This is the light stuff.
This is a good one.
That's a good tank.
Now, what's weird about the cheese thing you were talking about is they get you on both sides with the cheese.
They dye it orange.
They're like, oh, this is cheese.
This is what cheese looks like orange.
And then they come back with you on the backside.
How about this fine aged white cheddar?
Yeah.
It's just the same cheese without fucking dye in it.
And they say it's better.
Yeah.
But then they say it's good cheese because it has dye in it.
I'm upset about cheese.
I think you should be.
It's not better things.
It's the best thing I've been upset about in a while, I gotta say.
Spencer, I think that, and I only say this because I'm a cheddar enthusiast,
and I'm not trying to step on anything you're saying, but thank you.
I think that maybe when it's extra sharp or sharp, it tends to be white,
and then regular levels of sharpness, that's the orange.
So maybe that's how they're distinguishing it.
You know, outside of Tillamook, I don't know what to say,
but a lot of cheeses are very sharp as well as orange.
So I mean, I don't know.
This is a great argument to have, I think.
I don't know if it counts as an argument.
I'm arguing. I think it does.
Now it definitely is.
Well, I agree with you, so now it's not an argument.
Well, I disagree.
You disagree with me agreeing with you.
Agreeing with you, yeah.
Hey, Spencer.
Hey, Ryan Ridley.
What's your favorite level of sharpness?
Um...
I'd say, you know...
Wait, wait, wait.
I just wanted the record to show that Ryan gave me a very sly look when he asked that question.
Watch this.
I think I finally figured this controlling out.
Like, the trap has been set.
I'm about to let her rip.
Extra sharp, I guess.
That's the right answer.
All right.
I could have made that up.
Ask me what my favorite type of denim is.
What's your favorite type of denim?
Uh, high-grade, best denim.
He's right. That's a good grade.
If the sharp might be too sharp for some people, anybody? Anybody?
Well, why didn't you tell him he was right when he said extra sharp?
Because I hear how two people clapped.
Because I am right.
All right.
We've got to give Ryan his opinions.
If you've just tuned in...
If you decide, if you ask yourself, what's going on in a minute, 54 of a podcast?
This may become a spin-off podcast.
Jeez, craftsmen.
We went to Holland once, me and Aaron and Rob Straub and his wife.
And we somehow, like, we had asked the travel agent, like, or she was like,
you want me to help you? Have a good time?
Not like that. That sounds weird.
And we're like, yeah, I guess it's just like, you know, you should take a tour of the windmills
and where they make the cheese and stuff.
And it was like, we were like, okay, at some point, someone agreed to this.
So, I think someone just asked the hotel owner, like, could they...
Is there someone that would want to take them out and look at the windmills and the cheese?
And then that guy must have been like, okay, sure.
And then got off the phone and was like, what the fuck are they talking about?
And called another guy.
So, long story short, like, one morning we all have to get on our winter clothes
and go out in the front of the hotel where this guy, he's a cab driver.
And he's just the guy that the hotel owner knows.
Can you drive them to the windmills?
He's a fixer.
And then also, yeah, like, here's some extra money.
Tell them about the windmills and the cheese.
And so this guy was just walking around, chain smoking, talking about the windmills.
But he was just a guy.
And we went into this cheese factory and that's when it got really weird.
Because he walked in and he was like trying to earn this money he made,
but he was just a cab driver.
But he was in this cheese museum and factory.
So he was like walking up onto the exhibit and fucking with cheese.
Like, touching the exhibit cheese.
And then people would come over and yell at him and dutch.
And then he'd say something and dutch back and be pointing at us.
And I was clearly saying, like, look, I have these four American people.
Like, I'm being paid a lot of money.
I'll give you 20% if you let me keep rolling with this.
And they would kind of walk away confused, go back behind the gift counter.
And he's like, shurning shit.
Like, don't touch this. He's behind the velvet rope going.
And then there's other tourists gathering and going like,
oh, this guy's talking about how to make cheese.
He doesn't work there.
He had lost his mind.
He was a rogue cheese exhibitor.
And then he's like, and then we do this and then we do that.
And he's like, he kept using the word we.
And I'm looking around at everyone in their dirndles and their wood shoes
and their napkin hats or whatever.
And they're like rolling their eyes.
The cab driver has taken over the museum.
He's lost his mind.
We don't have police here.
We just have a bunch of cameras.
Weed is legal.
So what is this?
And the guy is showing us how they make cheese.
He grates some.
He peels off a slice.
And then he goes, and we do this, and we do this, and we do this.
And then we eat it.
And it's good.
And he just eats it.
He eats the museum cheese.
He ate it.
And he was talking with his mouth full.
He's eating cheese from the, it was museum cheese.
Well, that's gross.
He ate it.
It could have been like the cheese that George Washington brought to Hollis.
He didn't know anyone there or what was going on.
He just.
He's not, he's not handling it with, he doesn't have, this is a dumb question.
No gloves, right?
No!
Wow!
Cigarette, nicotine, fingers.
Cheese, he's in the fucking, there's mannequins next to him.
That's the environment he's in.
He's on a stage behind a rope designed to keep normal people like cab drivers from going
up and using what is essentially a fake kitchen to go, oh, let's make some cheese.
No, we put a rope so you don't.
It's a mannequin pretending to make cheese in 1820.
That's what this is for, is for looking.
And he's pumping into shit.
He's fucking, he's got one of those caps on.
He's just, he's just, it looks like Benny Hill.
Did he seem like he knew what he was talking about?
No!
I should have known.
Like he knows that cheese is old milk.
That's it.
He knew everything I know about cheese and he had an accent.
And he just, and then he was just eating shit.
And then we were walking around, we just felt like the worst like American shitty third
act of fucking Wally people, you know.
Like we just felt like we were these big fat boneless Americans that had like co-opted
some guy and he was like explaining them money, money, money, money, cheese, cheese, cheese.
Now my son gets his teeth fixed.
Yes, yes.
Hegemony.
I mean, that sounds like a better tour than you'd ever get from an official Cheese Museum
tour.
Well, I feel like you lucked out.
I wouldn't have gone to a Cheese Museum, but I often, every once in a while, can look
over at my fiance and go, do you remember the Cheese Museum?
Yes, I do.
And that's kind of fun.
That's good.
That's what traveling is really about.
In the moment, it felt very awkward.
Did he offer you any of the cheese?
No.
That's the weirdest part.
That is the weirdest part.
He ate it in front of everyone.
People were taking pictures of him.
They thought he was like some kind of performer, like an improviser.
Like a cheese mascot, like I'm a representative, I don't know anything, but I'm enthusiastic
and that's enough.
Or that he was part that he worked there.
They thought what they should have thought.
Like because I don't know how long you could do that before someone tases you.
But museum staff just gave up.
They're like, we don't want to touch this.
They did it because he was just insistent.
They said they did all a human should have to do, which is, please, clearly I don't speak
their language, but they were clearly saying, please, please stop.
Yeah.
Please stop running around.
Our private property, like banging into things, knocking over mannequins and stealing cheese.
Please stop doing that.
They don't give up that easily at the Louvre.
Not much.
All right.
He's fucking with Mona Lisa.
Yeah.
So you should go there.
I mean, I don't know.
It's crazy.
It's weird.
Windmills are weird.
You know what those things do on the inside?
When you see a picture of a windmill, you're like, why do they make those?
There's like big pinwheels.
You know, when you're a kid, you're like, why do they?
Well, there's still a lot of work to put into.
You know, the things on the inside, most of them, they saw lumber.
You know what they do with it?
They make more windmills.
Windmills are like a virus.
They take over the T-cells, and then they just like, if we hadn't stopped these people
in their tracks, our world would be covered with windmills for no reason.
They wouldn't be generating electricity.
They would just be generating more windmills.
If we would make first contact on the flanks after we'd bump off of the earth because
there would be these fucking blades spinning everywhere.
You know, they would have eventually started making a lot of plastic,
and they would have been toxic.
It's very interesting, though.
They make windmills over there.
There's people that make them just like they used to.
We're only going to use the equipment they used to use.
It just seems like, so, God, you've got to really be into something.
I was like, why that?
We're just going to use...
We think Civil War re-enactors are weird. These windmill re-enactors.
We're going to make a windmill. We're not going to use any hammers.
We're not going to use anything made of metal.
Is there new cutting-edge windmill technology?
Yeah, definitely.
Do you mean the things that generate wind power? Electricity?
They don't just saw wood anymore.
What do they do now?
They generate electricity.
Can you call those windmills, though?
I call them windmills.
I get, like, being into some OG windmill shit.
It's like, you know, guitar dad who will only use two-bamps, you know?
Who have a man cave full of old two-bamps, and they've got to get them replaced.
One guitar shop in Calabasas, and they know the guy behind the counter.
I'm sure that's how vintage windmill heads are.
When I was programming, I used the VI editor,
and I didn't want to use my mouse. I used the keys.
It's a 35-year-old editor.
I want to design my own webpage, editing with text on an SSH connection or whatever.
I guess I was into the purity of that.
Yeah, well, I mean, when I went to film school, they make you edit film on a steamback,
like an old-school spinning plates.
Yeah, because you're little white gloves, and you're splicing.
Yeah, and you're a little pencil to mark where an edit was.
And they're like, okay, so now you know how that works. Here's final cut.
Yeah, exactly.
It was such a colossal waste of time, and my only takeaway from it is, like,
that's the hardest thing I've ever done.
Yeah, you're like, that's why this mouse clicker is shaped like that.
That's why they use that icon, because it's based on some guy with a white glove.
Just, yeah, sitting there.
And the other thing I learned is, like, don't set an entire opened, but full orange juice
on one of the spinning plates that the film goes on.
Right.
Yeah, that was, like, four hours of my life.
But the film got done. The montage of my friend dancing on the street
set to an RJD2 beat got done, and I got an A.
And then I moved to Los Angeles.
So, I mean...
Did it get an A? Because in between, you would just flash the words capitalism or something?
Yeah.
There was a lot of deep meaning.
Hey, Dave. Was it a pulp?
Or pulp-free?
Yeah, I found my niche.
You did it! He did it!
Come on!
What a great night for Comptroller Ryan Ridley.
This guy's great.
He cares about the minutiae of things you ingest.
That's his angle.
Ridley stores.
You know, Jeff wears suits.
You ask questions about eating.
Round of applause.
Crunchy peanut butter.
I heard somebody booing.
Creamy peanut butter.
Wow.
Even.
That's a 50-50 split.
But the creamy people were yelling and going,
Well, the creamies seem forced, like they're like, we really gotta stand up for creamy.
Well, how many people are ambi peanut butter?
How many people can do crunchy or creamy?
Oh, really? Not that many.
Why would you even bother with creamy?
It's what I want to know.
I guess sometimes it's good.
I don't know. I like both.
I wouldn't want either to be outlawed.
This is the gentlest conversation that's ever happened on this stage.
We're going to be 85 years old and we can still have the same conversation.
That's what's nice about it.
Oh, those ladies' skirts keep getting shorter.
But peanut butter?
This is like the first 20 minutes of those Kirk Cameron Christian movies.
Like, hey man.
Hey, if you want to know how to get the most peanut butter in the world,
I'm going to tell you.
It's about the power of positivity.
Jesus Christ.
Pray. I can pray for it.
This is what drives me nuts about Christianity.
Not Christianity, the actual mythology,
which I think is, I enjoy.
The story of a guy who got killed on purpose is awesome.
That's fucking amazing.
It is truly one of the top three greatest stories I've ever told.
I'm going to go Iron Giant and Monster House for the other two.
You're saying, you have a problem with the people who tell the story and how they tell it.
I have a problem with something that, by proper definitions,
shouldn't even be called Christianity, which is this weird capitalist.
We're wearing suits and we're talking about Jesus and we even tell people,
you don't even have to read the Bible.
You know what's great about Christianity?
He's knocking at your door.
All you got to do is accept him as your personal Christ and savior,
the blood of the blood flood.
And that's it. And just keep coming back and let's just hang out.
Let's just be Christian.
It's like this frantic thing that has absolutely no love for the actual mythology anymore.
So it's clearly totally separated from it,
especially the fact that you don't get me started on it.
Literally, nobody clapped.
This is an audience of, I think, this mahogany dense atheist log here.
I don't know how that happened.
I guess I'll take that as a compliment.
I'm very smart or something, so I just attract atheists.
So I don't think I would be preaching to the non-quirer by ranting about this,
but I think the thing that makes most people atheists and proud of it and evangelical about it
is that it's a modern American phenomenon that happens to be called Christianity,
which has absolutely nothing to do with the ethos, the pathos, or the porthos.
I demand a religion hit all three musketeers before I accept it.
Even the jolly drunk one.
Why is that porth musketeer?
Who is that guy?
He's our road in.
Why didn't he get lumped in?
He's like the kid in Treasure Island.
He's like, boy, those three musketeers.
I've never read it, seen the movies.
I just know there's a porth guy.
I'm like, why isn't it called the four musketeers?
Okay, I get it.
I bet at the end, they say, from now on...
Here's your sword.
Can you give me one of those swords?
Sure, Earthos.
He brings it back and he hands it to Earthos.
And Earthos is like, no, no one's yours.
And they're like, all for one and one plus one for all.
And then as the crane shot goes away, you just hear an ADR line from D'Artagnan going,
what about my musket?
Am I crazy or should we have muskets?
Why are we famous for sword fighting?
This is insane what we do.
Why are we putting so much energy into swords?
They invented the gun for us.
Let's shoot some of them.
I feel like D'Artagnan's inclusion is probably conditional.
Even if at the end he gets his own sword,
it's just a drive, like turtle for Monterey.
You can hang out, turtle.
You can have the fourth hottest girl, but you gotta drive the Escalade.
He has to hang up the flyers and book the rooms.
Hey guys, we're having a duel.
Here we go, we're having a duel.
It's gonna be dope.
When the musketeer's coming to town, he goes into the hotel and they stay in the van.
He comes back out with other keys.
I'm gonna be spinning, it's gonna be dope.
Well, what do you think, Spencer?
Do you think these guys could play some of this D&D stuff?
I don't know, Dan.
I don't think they got what it takes.
Hey, what?
Maybe it's a little early.
Should we meet one out-of-town friend before we...
Who is here from a far away?
Scotland, I heard.
Orange County?
Australia.
We did Australia last week, not that that's how it works.
I know there's millions of people there.
We were out of kangaroo jokes.
What did you say?
Boston.
Boston?
That's nice.
I like it in Boston.
It's like the Milwaukee of the East Coast.
Who's from the most dangerous place?
Boston.
Australia.
Australia, yeah.
They're peopled with criminals.
Scotland person, are you willing to come up and share your persona with us?
No?
Okay.
Okay!
That persona's off to a good start.
She's very positive.
We don't pick on anybody here.
Hello.
You look like a Scottish movie Scottish person.
She's wearing boots and tights and a t-shirt that says Trey Cool on it.
Although that's French.
No, not at all.
No, I'm applauding your Scottishness.
Thank you.
It's like indie movie Scottish.
It's like a movie that's really good, but there's subtitles because they're so Scottish.
So what's your name?
Paula.
What part is Scotland?
Just say Glasgow.
Oh, okay.
I know where that is.
The opposite say it's where he's wearing a...
Where we were for Hogman-y?
Yeah.
Edinburgh.
Edinburgh, which is spelled Edinburgh, but then it's a trap.
It seems like a nice Jewish town, Edinburgh.
Just went there to get some relaxation.
Everyone's carrying torches.
This is fucking crazy.
Did you ever do Hogman-y in Edinburgh?
No, I've done it in Glasgow and then it's usually just house parties, but no.
I don't really like Edinburgh.
We did the whole torch procession when we were there.
It was crazy.
It seems kind of dangerous having that many people in torches.
Yeah, when you do something that dangerous with a group of people...
I guess we've already talked about it on the show, but it was really uplifting because
it really made you feel like, oh, America's wearing this big diaper.
We were obsessed with tits and violence and bad words and all these things.
America's got a lot of great things about it.
Fluoride in the water, most cities.
I don't know.
We're great.
The Golden Age of Television, mostly our responsibility.
You should start something.
Get people carrying torches out the streets.
Well, as we've spoken, there's another reason we don't do it here.
It has an unfortunate feel to it for us.
It doesn't represent his passion.
It's more of a cowardly, like, oh, I got a flaming stick.
Get away, black guy.
Stop taking our jerbs.
It was like, we did this big parade where I'll carry these torches and it was like,
there were kids and everyone was like, there's fucking like...
It's a big thing.
You buy the torches at a wall, whatever the equivalent of a Walmart is.
Asda.
And it's like, they sell them because everyone's going to do this thing.
And it's kind of cool because it's like the opposite of disempowering a population.
Nobody does anything bad with the torches, but you're being allowed to carry fire,
which is dangerous and everyone's walking and there's embers falling on your hair
and your clothes and there's like a little bit of like, singeing and fire happening.
But everyone's fine.
Everyone turns out fine.
And then you go watch this wicker thing start on fire.
Yeah, I could have done it.
So you're saying it to me.
And they're playing...
The only problem is they're playing music the whole way.
They have speakers set up the whole, like, many mile, like, march.
And they're playing, like, Scottish rock bands and stuff.
And after a while, you've heard the same ones, like, five times in a row.
There's so many, like, breakouts, Scottish, like, fucking hey.
They're like, oh, this guy's again, huh?
So anyways, Glasgow.
All right.
I think we were near there.
You referenced our trip there.
Were you connected to us somehow?
Because I know Jeff put people on the guest list for tonight.
You just heard the podcast and heard that we went to Scotland.
Twice before.
Nearly got kicked out twice because I was here with a friend and we were kind of drunk.
Oh, is that you?
Yeah.
Is she here today?
No.
Okay.
Was that the problem?
You had to, like, restructure your friendship?
I'm doing okay so far.
Yeah, I know.
You're great.
You're very, very gentle and well-mannered.
You were fine that night, too.
I mean, who cares?
Drunk people from Scotland yelling things out.
It's probably the best thing that happened to a show.
So what are you on vacation?
I was in Salt Lake City for Comic Con.
They have a Comic Con in Salt Lake City?
Yeah, it's huge.
Wow.
It's the second year and it was pretty crazy.
I like that.
I was in Salt Lake.
They're very nice people.
I think it's again, like, we did the tour there and it's like, the Mormon thing is so strong.
There may be that that's why.
There's, like, the hipster crowd there is very hip because they're, like, breaking away from it.
It was mainly people from Salt Lake there.
I don't think there was many out of towners.
Well, I don't know.
I didn't speak to many people.
Yeah.
I mean, we had a packed house and we did a show there and everybody was really thoughtful
and cool and fun and passionate.
It's probably a tough city to be anything fringy in, I would imagine.
Maybe that's a stereotype that's outgrown.
I don't know.
The Mormons aren't the biggest fringe of them all.
Don't turn on your guest comptroller yet.
He's going to come back.
He's going to ask you about bread and butter versus dill pickles at the end.
I know it.
And you're going to wish that you hadn't.
I got you, buddy.
I thought they'd like that.
I liked it.
I don't know.
Also, if you're Mormon and you're listening, I have no, absolutely no judgment.
I do.
I'm going to double down.
Smart.
That's smart.
What the fuck is that shit?
You've had Jews, Christians, and they were on Mormons?
Well, when we were in Salt Lake City, I had a Mormon come up and explain some of the things
like, okay, let's talk about this magic underwear.
Let's talk about the stuff.
Because she was a very sweet, like she was a Harmonton fan, and she was in this town
where she was probably surrounded by people who were like, I don't fucking Mormons.
I don't know, though.
I don't really know what's going on there, but how people feel about it.
I'm sure they're all 25 and they don't fucking care anymore.
And I'm like 41 and going, oh, Mormonism.
But she came up and talked about it.
I mean, religion, it says on the bottle, this isn't supposed to make sense.
If you buy a religion, and then you open the bottle and you're like, ah, this isn't logical.
Like, you're an idiot.
Like, it's like buying a pair of pants and then trying to drink out of them.
And you're like, this sucks.
I want my money back.
It's like, motherfucker, it goes on your legs.
Your legs, in this case, being the part of your brain that doesn't understand shit
and is frustrated and wonders what your relationship with an impersonal cosmos is
and is afraid you're going to die.
And it's going insane because of the truly schizophrenic result of being the world's first
and possibly last sentient mammal, except dolphins, who don't need a religion
because they don't have hands.
So they don't have weapons, so they don't have war, so they don't need religion.
They just see a shark and they're like, fuck sharks.
Like, dolphins go crazy at sharks.
Did you know that?
They fucking hate sharks.
Isn't that cool?
It is cool.
It is fucking cool because dolphins are us in the ocean.
They represent us.
You know, they are Ryan and Dave.
You might say, dolphins are the Israelis in the Middle East that is the ocean.
Oh, now I'm listening.
I don't know, hold on.
They're like building apartments on all these coral reefs.
Now, suddenly, I'm sympathizing for the sharks.
I know, and I accidentally just called Muslims sharks.
And then thought it was cool.
That's not what I meant.
Sorry about that.
Do they know that sharks are the bad guys?
That's what it is.
Well, think about it.
Dolphins are mammals that breathe oxygen and they have language and shit.
Like, they're a new...
They're like us.
What did you say?
They're assholes. Dolphins are assholes.
They're assholes.
Okay, well, you're coming up in one second, sir.
I think he already heard us.
A guy with an accent I can't place just blurted out they're assholes.
Dolphins are assholes.
Well, what about sharks?
Yeah, sharks are assholes.
No opinion on sharks but dolphins are assholes?
No, you stay Paula.
It's Paula, right?
Yeah.
Okay, and you sit there, sir.
Andy.
Okay, so explain.
Dolphins are assholes.
Well, male dolphins are assholes.
Male dolphins.
Yeah, yeah, they separate the women from the pack and then don't let them back into the
pod until they've had sex with them.
Oh, okay.
So when you dig into dolphin like gender hierarchies, okay.
That's interesting.
We're looking at it from very far away.
They're so smart and they're like, yeah, we're smart enough to hate bitches.
Wow, hold on.
They don't get to dolphin vote.
I think, well.
Dude, you were going to say something about...
I was just going to say hashtag yes all dolphins.
So Andy, is that a dolphin fact you picked up just as a casual dolphin fanner?
Are you like a...
I want you to say you're an oceanographer.
Who like really love dolphins and then they fucking let you down.
Like you spent eight years learning to communicate with them to the point where you could hear
their opinions about women.
And you're like, fuck.
I learned to squeak for this.
This guy's rapey.
Sure, he could put a ball in the circular hole, but he fucking hates women.
It was one of those articles, you know, 20 things about all four things you know about.
You don't know about animals.
I mean, don't get started on office.
So it was all different animals.
Like koala bears believe in separate but equal.
They have specially labeled eucalyptus trees.
Man, they're just starting all the time.
Kittens like euthanasia.
Kittens.
What's all this shit you didn't know about kittens?
They're really conservative.
They believe that milk should trickle down from their mother's nipples.
They hate abortion.
All right, well, so, but okay, well, Andy, I mean, is it okay if you just make a cameo
and then we're not quite done with koala?
Anything else to say about dolphins? Do you know anything else about them?
No.
Okay.
All right, Andy, everybody. Dolphin expert, Andy.
I mean, maybe this is, maybe this is just deja vu, but I could swear that earlier on,
on an earlier episode, a guy with a foreign accent said that dolphins were assholes and
then came up and defended his remarks.
Like on a different episode though.
On a different guy?
Yeah, I'd assume.
I mean, I hope so because he played it off like he'd never done it before this time.
It would be amazing if we were living in his edge of tomorrow.
I probably am just like, fuck, I could swear.
And he's like, no, I've told you this 900 times.
Now I have to go get shot.
If I could just get you to understand dolphins are assholes by 927.
I could then roll under the jeep's tires.
At 935, just dolphins burst in from the ceiling.
So Paula, were you born in Glasgow?
Yes.
Do you know what the Glasgow grin is?
I should hope so.
The Glasgow grin?
Yeah.
I guess not.
I guess in America we know, maybe it's like a thing, like it's like a Chinese fire drill.
It's like actually offensive to people from Glasgow.
Yeah, it's a Glasgow grin.
They call it, some place call it a Chelsea grin.
A Chelsea grin?
Yeah.
It depends where you live.
If you're working in real estate in Glasgow, you call it a Chelsea grin.
Yeah.
All right.
Is it the Sons of Anarchy guy, that thing?
Yeah, the Sons of Anarchy guy, yes.
What is it?
It's definitely bad, right?
It's an ironic name, right?
Physical mutilation.
But is it done to you or do you do it yourself?
It's physical mutilation.
You can do it yourself.
Fuck them.
How about now?
Yeah.
Yeah, the Sons of Anarchy guy.
He's from Glasgow, right?
Is this like why so serious?
Is this like, do you want to know how I got these scars?
Yes.
Okay.
Got it.
I don't know, it's Sons of Anarchy, but I've seen The Dark Knight.
Do you guys think it's cool that I know the name of the guy?
Do you think it's cool that I know the name of the second Batman movie?
I can't troll for applause anymore.
I already wasted it on that one.
Sorry.
Hey, what kind of peanut butter do you think The Dark Knight prefers?
Crunchy.
You guys can't keep eating peanut butter like me.
What makes you so special?
I'm not using portable smokers.
I couldn't think of it.
Everybody said that hockey pants thing, and everyone went, uh, alarmed.
I'm not wearing hockey pants.
Alright.
Paula, would you be willing to stay up here and play my fiance's character in Dungeons & Dragons?
You think he can handle that?
I mean, there's nothing to handle.
It doesn't matter how good you are at it.
I've never played it, but I'll give it a bash.
Have you heard us play it on the podcast ever?
Once.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's like, what happens is, there's guys, I hope those women are all peeing and not doing
a walkout.
Like, they're going to go kill some dolphins.
I hate their fucking assholes.
Also, why did I say I hope they're peeing?
That's weird to say.
What is this, Hustler magazine?
What do you know?
Remember when Hustler turned into being about peeing?
Like, women peeing?
No.
When was that?
Hustler, like, if you open a hustler, like, it's like, there's a lot of, like, it's like,
somebody started complaining at some point when there weren't women peeing.
And so there's just like, they make sure that there's always a woman peeing now.
Do you think there was like, an executive decision, like a meeting was called to be like,
guys, now, like, starting next month, at least once a month.
Yeah.
There was obviously like, I don't know, like, I learned about naked women from pages of
Hustler magazine that floated across the railroad tracks into the crawdad creek where we were
hunting crawdad.
They sound like Mark Twain.
But there was like, like, there was no internet and there was just like, mud caked pages from
this printing plant that apparently printed hustlers across the railroad tracks.
And that's where the, you know, other nine year olds and I would go like, that's a booby.
And then we would read the stuff like, hey, you can read better.
Would your pussy like my dick in it?
This is great.
What does she say?
The next page is missing.
Laying, laying home awake at night.
I hope her pussy likes his dick in it.
And she was a waitress, he was a truck driver and they just started to, it was a pictorial
story, but the text was, what was important.
That is so much folksier than how this generation like sees pornography.
Yeah.
I don't know what's, but it's, but it's gross.
I mean, it's like, I'm looking at my first female figure and it's like, caked in mud.
It's a pretty fundamentally misogynistic, periodic literature.
The pages of which are like smeared with mud, a stench of crawdad and algae.
It's kind of like, I'm learning either that's like the healthiest thing in the world.
Like Yoda's in a tree stump going, yes.
The vagina is a terrifying place to go inside.
And I go in there and I fight something and then my face is on the clitoris.
I come out and I go like, I can't talk about it.
I'm going to go to Hollywood.
But, but the internet, yeah, it's like, like, like I talked to moms now and they're like,
you know, my eight year old kid.
What's that?
About the hustlers.
Oh, no, no, no.
About the, about the new hustler, which is even YouTube, even if you were to have like
some kind of nanny blocker software, which is a joke, like you can't control your kid.
Even YouTube is just like, I mean, nobody knows better than me.
It is filled with perfectly sexual material.
Like, like, like what do you, like, like the, so like your eight year old kid will just
be like, you know, sitting with his eight year old friend.
What did we do when we were eight year old boys?
We would, we would make these jokes about sex, you know, we would talk about sex with
each other.
We were all way off the mark.
We were very curious about it and we were, and we were just fascinated with it.
And if you had a laptop back then and you could just type something in and if you could
be the kid that brought the other kids to some piece of information about it, you were a
hero.
So there's a capitalistic like competition there.
There's no way to control it.
I'm really fascinated to talk to moms these days who are.
Who are these moms you're talking to?
Well, like I'm 41.
My contemporaries have children.
Like they're, you know, funny, funny women who do storytelling shows who have kids that
are like, they catch like watching shit that's fucked up and then hearing them talk about
it is very interesting.
If only I could remember that one lady's name that I'm characterizing as all these women.
But the dolphin in me says, who cares what her name is?
Let her have the kid and like see if she earns the right to swim, swim, swim.
What do they eat shrimp?
I don't know.
All right.
They hate sharks.
They see a shark and they fucking like ram it with their noses until the shark is good
and dead.
They don't.
It's not about anything other than sort of like hatred.
And if a person's drowning, Andy, if a person's drowning, sexist or not.
And I don't know if they don't do it for women.
But they tend to like save drowning humans.
Like they see us thrashing around and they're kind of like, what are you doing?
Shit.
Also, also maybe seals do that possibly too.
That sounded like I just made that up, which I kind of did.
I'm basing that off of the documentary, The Bridge, which is about other people jumping
off the Golden Gate Bridge.
Don't woo that.
The saddest document.
So the director is here.
We captured a lot of suicides on camera.
This one's for the crew, John Perignon.
In that movie, there's one kid who jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge and he's, I mean,
most of the people are not in the documentary talking about their experience jumping off
the Golden Gate Bridge, but he is because he survived.
He broke his whole body hitting the water.
And by the way.
I found God at the end of it.
Well, yeah, that was kind of a, yeah, he jumped and he broke his legs and his back and all
this shit in the water.
And then he was like, he's like, oh my God, I failed to kill myself.
I'm now drowning.
And this thing underneath him kept bumping him and keeping his head above water.
And he believes it was a seal or he described it to someone.
They said it was a seal.
And then he goes, and if that's not proof of Jesus, I don't know what it is.
What a wasted opportunity to become a really passionate marine biologist.
I guess he took the easier path.
The human eyes too complicated.
Fuck it.
Intelligent design.
Maybe become an optician.
Did I say that word right?
Okay.
All right.
So dolphins are sexists.
Jews are great.
Christians are great.
They just, they just waste too much time having lock ins.
And dolphins are Jews.
Dolphins are.
Dolphins are Jews.
Yeah.
Dolphins are built entirely under water.
We landed on it at some point.
Dolphins are Jews.
Do you not say Muslims are sharks?
Yeah.
But no, I did not mean to say Muslims are sharks.
I don't want to say that.
It sure was.
Hey, I have one last question.
I mean, like literally.
You know how giant squids and killer whales are fighting all the time?
No.
Like, look it up.
Yeah.
Look it up.
They know what I'm talking about.
You're talking about.
I mean, we all get it.
They fight all the time.
Yeah.
They fight all the time on the sign fight.
No one's ever seen it, but there's pictures of it.
Megasquids.
Is Debbie Gibson in the frame?
Who are the good guy?
Who's the good guy?
And who's the bad guy in that?
Between a giant squid.
Between a mammal and a fucking ridiculous fish monster?
I don't think a shark is a mammal.
They're killer whales.
They're mammals, man.
Oh, killer whales.
You automatically just...
The sperm whales.
They look like a killer whale, the pictures I've seen.
You're always going to be on a mammal's side.
You always have to be one.
Yes.
Why?
In a fight.
Okay, let me explain this to what he needs to be explained.
It's the opposite of racist.
What?
It's a human.
If a human is fighting a chimp, side with the human.
Wait.
If two chimps are fighting, I don't know.
I'll get back to you.
Side with the bonobo.
If a gorilla and a chimp are fighting, side with the chimp.
If a squid and a whale are fighting, side with the whale.
You can side with your branch of evolution.
If chimps bite your balls off, gorillas do sign language in pet kittens.
But they're fighting.
What the fuck?
One.
And your pig gorilla does sign language in pet kittens.
I'm sure if they bother to teach others, they catch on.
What about this?
If a human's fighting a chimp, side with the human thing.
I feel like that's misguided in a lot of circumstances.
What do you mean?
I mean, there's a zookeeper looking human, and he's got a pitchfork,
and he's fighting with the chimp, and you gotta side with the chimp sometimes.
They're being abused, maybe.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
Yeah, you're right.
I mean, if they were dropped in the arena, sure.
I mean, all of the humans.
Yeah.
This was battle war.
I guess that's when I was picturing.
Is that this situation was happening more organically.
Like, maybe in the world's strangest bar.
Yeah, just like, you don't know.
Like, they were playing darts for a while, and then they erupted into, you know,
the chimp's got a broken bottle, and the guy's like saying,
I called a cab, and Mike, you always do this.
Like, separate them.
But ultimately, like, we gotta be for humans, right?
You're saying we gotta be to the closest to our genetic.
Yeah, and then once you have your shit together as a species,
then you go, okay, now we'll start dipping and dapping
and don't know what's happening among all these other things.
Now, if you're in PETA and stuff, you're listening,
you're going, you're fucking insane.
You wouldn't say retarded, probably.
Because if you're in PETA, you're probably more progressive,
and your vocabulary is probably not as crass,
and my sister's retarded, so fuck you.
But I just mean, like, we gotta, here's what I'm saying.
There's homeless people.
Fuck giraffes.
That's all I'm saying.
Until there's no homeless people, fuck giraffes.
I don't care how long their necks get.
They're just horses with long necks.
I don't, I'm not saying Spencer's right.
If you walk into a bar, there's a guy whipping a giraffe.
Like, maybe tell your friend with the whip to, like,
okay, you've had too many.
He's not worth it.
That's what I'd say.
He's not worth it, Tony.
He's just a giraffe.
I don't even know how he got in here.
He must have been lower in.
It's the lowest bar.
This bar has the highest ceiling I've ever been in.
All right.
Okay, so we should play, let's, I got my character sheets.
So here's how it works, Paula.
You get these sheets.
They have scribbles all over them.
We were drunk.
We look at them.
We don't know what we're doing.
If you see something on there that's like,
it says I have shoes, you can say.
Spencer will generally, like, tell you,
like, if you want to do something now, you can do something.
Sometimes that he forgets, but here it passes.
You're Dignity Sarsgard.
You are a paladin.
You're for truth and justice.
And you'll probably want to take the top two, Dave,
and pass the next to Ryan.
I think I messed up the order when the paper was...
Look okay to me.
Just left hand to Ryan.
Okay buddy.
It's like Twister.
Thanks, Mr.
Yeah.
Master.
What?
I'm a master.
I'll call you, I'll call you master.
Please do.
I touched the ice, I touched all the ice.
I don't have time to fuck around.
I'm touching all the ice.
Is that bad to touch the ice?
Oh yeah, it's unhygienic.
I mean, the alcohol take care of that probably, right?
Yeah.
I don't know if that's scientifically accurate.
It sounds good though.
I don't think I'm going to get music probably,
but I should...
Oh shit!
Well, I mean, you...
Whatever.
I touched all the ice.
I took all the ice.
I don't know if these guys are ready.
Oh, we could use some ice.
Dance in a round.
If I've learned anything,
edit this part out, let us get our drinks.
That's what I was thinking.
So, do you guys see that sports thing?
Two points, right?
Two points.
I didn't think they were going to get those points,
but then...
Two of them.
Right there.
Plain as day.
Oh man.
This is like a sports corner.
I'm stealing your bit, Harmon.
Steal it.
This is the least enthusiastic sports corner.
Hit it.
Alright.
So, are we good then?
I mean...
Yep.
Are we all...
Let me turn on my iPad.
I don't know what the fuck's wrong with me, you guys.
I'm sorry.
Well, you're high or sick.
I'm just sick.
I always cool off by 937.
Last time on Harmontown.
Our heroes had reunited outside
after leaving Father Tinder to inform Mrs. Darmvahn
of her husband's untimely demise.
The gang was approached by Spizwad, the gnome.
And the gnome.
Oh yes, Spizzbulb.
And the gnome offered them a place to stay.
Up in his tower.
And the group decided they needed to take...
There, the group decided that they needed to break
into Father's Tinder's house.
Jesus Christ.
To look for clues and steal his stuff.
Spizzbulb gave them a bundle of cloth and they departed.
While infiltrating the house, Quark heard a noise
and rushed upstairs to see a small ninja
attacking Father Tinder before escaping.
After tripping and falling on his blade,
trying to apprehend the assailant, Quark was pissed.
And sexually assaulted the beaten, bloody old priest
while Sharpie gave chase.
Pursuing the assassin.
Dignity Sarsgard heard the commotion
and discovered Quark's sodomy.
Removing the raging barbarian and locking him in a closet.
Sharpie tracked the ninja to Darvon's house
which was ruined by magic.
Inside he cornered the offender
who revealed himself to be Spizzbulb,
the friendly gnome from before.
Unbelievable.
Sharpie attacked.
But Spizzbulb seemed to avoid all harm with a magical barrier.
Sharpie was outmatched.
As dignity ran off to aid our heroes,
Quark stewed swearing revenge on the paladin who stopped him.
But could our heroes pull it together
to fight off a super-powered Spizzbulb?
Or would they all perish alone?
Like me.
Find out.
Like you, Harmonytown.
What? Oh my God.
What the hell was that?
It just did a...
Some Hunter S. Thompson...
an introduction.
It sounded like it went with the music.
It slipped a little tragedy in there.
Jesus.
I don't know if we can play.
It's gonna take you somewhere quiet.
I'll just role-play up some happiness.
Yeah, so I saw our friend Spizzbulb.
I was trying to chase him,
but then I came across frozen people or something.
Yeah, they were frozen in this like hunk of force magic.
Are we all together again?
The characters, the players?
You guys are racing.
You're racing to reunite, so that's happening.
You guys, you all reunite.
You're in the top floor of a two-story house.
You're in this guy...
No, you're in the bottom floor.
Sorry, I have a two-story house.
There's this guy.
He's a little gnome wearing Ninja gear going...
And he's just menacing.
And he's facing down Sharpie,
and he looks like he's got the upper hand.
Sharpie's running towards you guys
and you enter this room.
You don't know what's going on.
That's a...
So I had to...
You fill them in as they're seeing what's happening.
Spizzbulb...
It was Spizzbulb.
Spizzbulb fucking tilled Tinder.
Are you all filled in now?
The guy we were going to investigate
because he was too into juice.
You remember?
There's a guy who's like the mayor of the town
who was like really into juice
and we talked to him a lot about juice
and then we were suspicious of him.
So we did a stealth operation at his house
to see if we could find out more about him,
but we found him getting killed.
He wasn't dead though, he's still alive.
Is he here?
He's back at his place.
Alright, back to Father Tinders.
You're running away?
Is Spizzbulb still here?
Yeah, yeah.
Spizzbulb, why?
Because I'm fucked up.
You never trust a gnome.
Gnomes are all evil.
I deny it,
but the way Jeff acted last week...
That's racist.
I say it.
No.
Wait, I'm a gnome?
Yeah, you're a gnome.
Fuck that.
Yeah, keep going.
I'm good.
Are gnomes like the dolphins
or the sharks in this game?
Someone said sharks.
Are all gnomes like ninjas?
No, some are.
Some are.
Some are like humans.
You know?
But he's like, you guys are gonna die!
Why?
He starts casting magics.
God damn it.
I feel deja vu here.
Didn't I teleport to behind him?
You tried to fear him.
He didn't get feared.
Then you started running away.
Then your friends showed up.
Can I teleport to behind him again?
Alright, well I want to shock and grasp him
before he manages to cast whatever he's casting.
Alright, well, that doesn't happen.
He manages to cast whatever he's casting.
Fuck.
So he waves his arms magically
and you see four shining pillars
of force, energy
looking kind of like great columns
almost as large and as heavy as stone pillars.
And they launch
towards you kind of slowly.
They're easy to dodge,
but let's see if you do.
You do.
I dodged.
Yeah, the slow moving pillars are easy to dodge
and they smash into the walls behind you
but all of you manage to nimbly dodge
out of the way.
He's like, fuck!
Hey, nice pillars, dick.
I'll respond on my turn.
Here's some alternate names
for those things.
Missers.
Infectual glowing
turds.
Dodge
Practicers.
He writes that one down.
Now,
witness the power of this fully
armed and operational
shocking grasp.
You lunge towards him
shockingly and your hands
are stopped by an irresistible
invisible wave of force energy.
It's like some sort of shield.
Your hands burn as electricity
dissipates across this shield.
Ow!
He's like, you can't touch me.
A white barrier kind of
appears in front of him
and shivers out of existence.
Fuck this guy.
What's this guy's problem?
What's going on here?
I'm a gnome!
We're evil.
I'm a gnome.
He's a self-loathing gnome.
You should relate to him as a gnome.
Get on his level.
What's up, man?
What's your problem?
I don't know what you're talking about!
You're gonna die!
Once it's my turn!
Can I heal you?
The bad guy?
Did I get wounded?
By the shocking grasp.
You just felt it not working
on the shield.
Thank you, Paula.
You're just yelling at this guy
apparently, Ryan,
and he's not having it.
He's like, I don't know!
Am I speaking to him
in gnome language?
That might make a difference.
What are you trying to do?
I'm just trying to connect with this guy.
But not where he's coming from.
This is what happens when views play D&D.
They're too heady.
I want to relate to him on his level.
I just want to know what's going on.
Why is he attacking us?
We've spent more time doing worse.
This might not be a bad option.
What do you want to say?
Where are you coming from?
What did we do to you?
You didn't do anything!
I'm just a terrible person!
Nobody's just a terrible person!
Nomes are all of them!
Not me!
You're probably wrong.
He wants you to look within.
You just feel insulted because I
Steffen the gnome
have you all tricked?
So your name is Steffen?
That's Stubnortz?
No, Stubnortz!
Stubnortz the gnome!
You're possessed by someone.
You're not even a gnome.
Say something about gnomes that only gnomes would gnome.
They...
What?
They love
light exercise.
Bullshit!
You're not a gnome!
I'd say let's get him, but he's really powerful.
He keeps kicking our asses.
You're not a gnome.
Knock it off, the jig's up.
Oh, it's not up.
It is up.
The jig is up.
He's still trying to act like you guys
haven't purged
his deceptions.
We can act like that all we want.
We've purged your deceptions.
Well, I disagree.
Motherfucker,
your deceptions are out the door, man.
No!
No.
What if I say to him...
Come on.
Is that your whole turn?
What if I rub his shoulders?
That's it. You put all your energy
for your whole combat turn into that move.
And then, yeah, then roll for it.
What's your diplomacy
or your charisma if you don't have a
diplomacy?
Me?
Total?
Ten?
That's not bad.
Yeah, I put all ten of that into...
You're like Lou Diamond Phillips level charisma.
You're no Daniel Craig.
What's the scale?
I don't know.
What did you say again?
Come on.
He...
He stands there
and he just kind of drops his hands
and he's like, okay.
I knew it!
I fucking knew it, dude!
Oh, I knew it!
Fuck you!
Come on!
He put his character sheet down.
That was a critical hit.
That's what happens.
So
he drops his hands
and he's like, okay.
And then he does like one of these
where he waves his hands in front of his face.
And poof!
He magically changes into Father Tinder.
I knew it! I fucking knew it!
I fucking knew it and I was going to say it.
Yeah, you knew it now.
If I said it, you would have changed it.
You would have changed it because you would have been like,
holy fuck, Harmon's awesome.
You fuckers, you might have figured out
what your ass is because that's what I do.
Father Tinder, in the name of a man
who was buried up to his neck by nobles
for the shard of power you have
on your titty,
I
Sharpie Buttsalot
and the
wrecking crew.
So help me, God.
So help me, Jesus Christ.
A deity
you've never heard of
but who you're going to meet soon
I am going to kick your fucking ass.
Okay.
I'm not, I'm not very,
it's a nice speech.
And why, why were you
so into juice?
What's wrong with juice?
Why were you so into it?
I mean you guys have juice in you.
I never drank it.
I didn't drink it.
You never drank it.
We'll see who drank juice.
Activate juice.
You guys feel sick
except not, not Sharpie.
You didn't drink it.
The rest of you guys feel
physically ill as the juice activates.
It's a weird sentence.
All right, well the juice activates
but other than a mild upset stomach
you seem completely unaffected.
It's just delicious.
Happens every day.
All right.
Literally feels like eating too much Thai food.
Just let me know when it's my turn.
Paula's turn.
Paula, just attack this guy.
Am I not made to heal some of us
we've had since my gym?
No, don't worry about us.
That's very kind of you.
Can I not use some diplomacy
to sort this guy out?
I would say just physically
beat his ass.
Do you have a spellcraft?
That's a skill.
Let's see.
What do you got under weapons?
I've got swords.
Yeah, let's slash him up a bit.
Give him a Glasgow
Give him a Glasgow smile.
You swing your sword
but it bounces off his weird barrier.
It flashes white and fizzles away.
Barrier is a dumb barrier.
Can I throw an axe at him?
I think it's not your turn anymore.
That thing might bounce off.
I want to put it at Dave's turn
just because he only set a short thing
or maybe Ridley's turn
I made the dude not be a gnome.
I know.
Time-wise, it didn't take much time.
He was a gnome and now he's not one.
The scale of your deeds was grand
although the time scale is not.
That's all I'm saying.
Okay, cool. So, what's up?
You're going to double down.
How about it'll be Ridley's turn.
How about Ridley's turn?
What species is father Tinder?
He's a human.
He's got a force field around him.
What can I do
to have anything that can get through a force field?
I don't know, man.
Magic?
I don't think you have magic.
What do you mean you don't think?
Well, I mean you have spell-like ability.
What does somebody yell out in back?
What is that thing that he gave us?
It doesn't seem like he can give us something helpful, but...
This guy gave us something?
Oh, it's baseball gave it to us before.
Yeah.
What is this shit that he gave you?
You got something wrapped in a black cloth or something?
I'll unwrap it and I'll use it against this guy.
You unwrap the black sackcloth
and it looks black like a void.
It looks like a hole.
You're holding a hole in your hand.
Alright.
It's a hole.
I'm going to throw it at him.
You throw it at him and it hits him like a blanket
and it just kind of falls onto the floor.
Like you got hit by a blanket
that then fell on the floor.
Somebody push him in.
It's a portable hole.
You hear the slow warrings of machinery
coming from inside the hole
on the floor.
Can I push him in?
I'll say let's try it.
You try to push him in
and you do.
Yeah!
That feels good.
Wait a minute.
What happened to him when he fell in the hole?
He falls about four feet
and you see his feet
they're still sticking out of the hole
when he hits bottom.
He pulls himself to his feet.
What do you mean? The hole is four feet?
It's like he's in a waiting pool maybe.
What about the machine noises?
Somebody grab the hole.
Grab it and fucking wad it up.
Can I close it up?
Yeah.
There was worrying machinery though.
We'll figure that out later.
Trying to pull up the hole
from the ground.
You trip and fall into the hole with Father Tinder.
Oh shit.
Just because you said that?
No, it's because I rolled a one.
Yeah, because I said it.
This whole thing is because I said it.
I just say stuff up there.
What did you think in your head
if I roll this number?
It's rules.
What are you, Neo?
You're going to decode the fucking reality?
In this portable hole
you can see what looks like
just a small wicker basket
and a slowly inflating balloon.
What?
Is it a helium balloon?
It looks like it.
You can't tell by eyeballing the gas.
It seems like
it seems like something
that definitely requires explaining.
So I'm in the hole,
this guy's in the hole,
a wicker basket and a balloon
and then machine sounds.
Oh my god.
Can I ask what's going on?
To who?
I don't know.
To the camera?
Like you're a flinch stone animal?
Give a John Krasinski look to the camera.
It's like a
It cuts to a talking head of you later.
I didn't know what was going on.
They wanted to be in the hole.
I guess they got in the hole.
Where's this fizz gig guy?
He's in the hole with you.
What's he doing? Is he in the basket?
Is the balloon bouncing on his head?
Technically speaking, a lot of stuff is happening
at the same time.
When I ain't going to move, I fucking fold
that hole up like a napkin.
I'm still in it!
I get out of the hole!
Alright, well it's not your turn,
but you try to fold up the hole,
but Father Tinder holds the edges of the hole
down and it doesn't get picked up
completely.
It's a real thing.
I can't headbutt him?
Well I guess you could try, sure.
Headbutt.
You headbutt him!
You headbutt him right in the head
and he gets a bloody nose.
Top of the head, hardest part of the body.
Brian Dennehy.
Penitentiary.
You deal three damage to him.
It's unarmed combat.
You're a wizard.
But also he lets go of the edge of the hole
because it hurts his nose.
No, no.
He's tough.
He leaps out of the hole
and he's like, you guys,
you broke through my barrier,
but it'll never happen again.
Uh,
your nose.
You guys broke through my nose,
but it'll never happen again.
He starts waving
his hands around, creating,
creating a large blob
of white force energy.
It looks like creamy, rich semen.
No!
Just like Dad used to make.
What the fuck?
Dad?
But then stopped when the city asked him to.
He hurls it towards you.
He's like multiple migs.
It slows, it slows,
it slowly rolls
towards you through the air,
and you try to dodge, but somehow it
reaches out with weird pseudopods
and grabs you guys,
and you don't save successfully,
even though this is flat.
Don't worry, don't worry about that.
All right, everybody takes
15 damage.
It's burning, searing force energy,
grabs you by the legs,
and pulls you to the ground.
This, wait, what?
What pulls us? The semen cloud?
Yeah, a cloud of...
It's more like a semen amoeba.
It's shit in, like, Donnie Darko
where it's like that Capri Sun, Alex Mack stuff
that, like, comes out
out of people.
That's what it is, but more glowy.
So it's like a creamy white, glowy
Donnie Darko Capri Sun
coming towards us.
And it's going slow, but like, can I duck?
Well, you tried,
but somehow it lashed out and hit you anyway.
So it, like, starts moving fast
when I start ducking.
I just want to make sure I know how I'm being dealt
with points.
I guess it's not moving that fast,
but yet you're just unable to dodge,
really. Like, I'm so
impressed by it.
Like, I've never, even though I'm in this world,
I've never seen anything like it before.
I think you're just, we were maybe treating it too casually
and then you just realized too late, maybe?
Like, maybe it's like the first time I saw
Donnie Darko and actually thought it was good.
It was, like, blinded by it.
Just because of the soundtrack?
Yeah. It is amazing.
Wow, yeah.
I do think it's kind of funny.
People run in circles.
Very, very mad world. I get it.
Okay, I just wanted to know.
Thanks. Thank you, Master.
Is he still waving his hands?
What's up?
Is he still waving his hands around?
He stopped that after you guys got hit
by his attack.
Okay, so he stopped waving his hands
once the semen was generated.
Is he now going to take a nap?
Because I say,
we get him while he's napping.
I'm basing this on my spellcraft
knowledge.
I think that spell may have drained him.
Yeah, this is like a,
this is a semen club. We could hit him during his
refractory period.
Tell me when that is,
because I got something for him.
Is he 18?
Or...
He's an old dude.
He's an old guy.
All right, good. So we have 48 minutes.
Okay, good.
Anyways,
whose turn is it?
I'll play your turn, maybe.
I fucking charge. I charge at him.
No, I don't.
What's bull's strength?
That makes you stronger.
Okay, so can I cast that
on the run? Can I charge?
Can I charge at him and cast bull's strength
and like pile into him like a football player?
Just to like knock him to the ground?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, totally.
I totally do that.
Bull's strength!
All right, bull's strength.
Casting bull's strength,
you feel yourself get four points
of strength stronger as you
barrel into him directly.
Let's see if that pans out.
I'm trying to immobilize him.
Like, put my knees on his biceps
like my brother did in the front yard
and then I'm going to hack lewis
and suck them back into my mouth
just before they hit my face.
His face.
And 30 years later,
I'm not going to earn that much.
So, yeah.
Launching his knee,
your knees directly into his chest.
You pin him to the ground underneath you.
Don't do any damage though.
And I just like, I put my hands in his face
like I got my knees on his biceps
and I just like slap into the face.
I'm not touching you, I'm not touching you.
You should do stop hitting yourself with him.
Right, yeah, stop hitting yourself.
He doesn't stop hitting himself.
Yes!
I look at these guys and I'm like,
this is the best.
Alright.
Can we use some shackles?
What's up?
Yeah, yeah, you can definitely try.
You got shackles?
Yeah.
Good looking out.
Try as you might to restrain him.
He's squiggling.
Struggling is the word I was looking for.
Struggling.
Like some sort of squiggly line may happen.
Yeah.
And he's flailing his limbs too hard.
He's flailing his limbs too hard
to be contained.
He's just flipping around
like a golden retriever.
Wait, what?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's successful.
You're slapping him.
He's flailing around.
Alright.
Alright, so he's been slapped around a bunch.
He's pinned down.
He's pinned down, but he can't be shackled
because he's too flailing around.
That's fine, he doesn't need to be in shackles.
Can I?
I want to stab this motherfucker with a poison dagger.
I want to get on top of him
and stab him
in the heart with a poison dagger.
Can I?
Don't be afraid to get right behind me
and reach over like Kelly McGillis
in the Top Gun poster.
I want to get behind you
to me more and go...
Well, you're like Patrick Swayze.
I want to stab someone with a poison dagger
to me, you know what I mean?
Allow me.
But you're Swayze then,
if you're behind me.
Alright.
You got it too.
You lunge towards him with your knife
and do that Patrick Swayze thing.
But it's all
style over substance and he just kind of
graze his robe maybe.
Shouldn't you try to do the Swayze?
Common...
Common problem.
Common mistake.
Alright, bring us home, Ridley.
He's calling for a closer here.
Closing move, Ridley.
I plant my feet.
No reference to any movie from the 90s.
Smart, smart.
I pull out my flaming sword.
And I fucking swing it right at his head.
You do that.
You hit him.
And?
In the side of the head.
The weak side?
It's still the head.
It's not serious.
It's a sword into the head.
A flaming sword.
We're looking for a closer here.
We got work in the morning.
Well, I'm sorry.
He's just doing a standard non-hilarious attack.
Anyway...
Does he graze brain?
He hits him right in the head dealing
22 damage.
Is that a closer?
It's from the wound.
And then white light streams from his wound.
Consuming everything.
You guys all can't see for a momentarily.
Fine by me.
I can't see.
Can anybody see? I can't see.
I have a feeling this guy's going down.
I can't see yet.
Do you say that blindly?
Yeah.
We hear him making noises, probably.
Oh, the side of my head.
I'm dying.
Shard of power.
Lend me your strength.
Is that the...
Is there more on the pad?
Wait.
All right.
Thank you, Paolo.
Thank you, Andy, the dolphin expert.
Thank you, Lawrence and Ryan Ridley
for a very Jewish,
very edifying Harmontown.
You're welcome.
Thank you, Zach and Dustin in the booth.
Thank you, NerdMelt.
I don't know.
See you later.
That's why you will not survive.